feat(styles, documentation): Update spinner style, animation, accessibility and migrate documentation (#2612)
swisspost/design-system: packages/documentation/src/stories/foundation/accessibility/accessibility.docs.mdx

TODO: write accessibility guide about disabled states on input, textarea, select, select-options,
...

## Live region

A live region allows you to notify the user about a dynamic change without requiring the page to reload e.g. alert, loading status, chat logs, update of a product cart, feeds, etc.
They are defined either by using the `aria-live` attribute or some specific `role` attributes such as `role=status`, `role=alert`, `role=log`, etc.

### Add or remove dynamically a live region

As a best practice, live region should be present on the page load and only the content inside it should change.

#### Example with a spinner on Angular

> When adding, for example, a spinner above a section, the spinner code should be always present,
> and then you can use `ng-container` to add the content when the spinner is active.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When adding, for example, a spinner above a section, the live region container should be rendered initially while you can use `ng-container` to show and hide the spinner when you need it.
```

##### Good example

<Source code={liveRegionGoodAngularSample} language="html" />

##### Bad example

> You shouldn't add the whole region dynamically as the accessibility might not be [re-rendered with some screen readers](https://www.scottohara.me/blog/2022/02/05/are-we-live.html#non-normative-rule-for-common-live-region-use-case).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You shouldn't add the whole region dynamically as the accessibility bindings might not be [updated with some screen readers](https://www.scottohara.me/blog/2022/02/05/are-we-live.html#non-normative-rule-for-common-live-region-use-case).
```
